First pass at adding batching of cmdlets to help (#760)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-Enterprise: Enterprise/powershell/assign-per-user-skype-for-business-online-policies-with-office-365-powershell.md

This command sets the name of the external access policy assigned to Alex to a null value ($Null). Null means "nothing". In other words, no external access policy is assigned to Alex. When no external access policy is assigned to a user, that user then gets managed by the global policy.
  
To disable a user account using Windows PowerShell, use the Azure Active Directory cmdlets to remove Alex's Skype for Business Online license. For more information, see [Disable access to services with Office 365 PowerShell](assign-licenses-to-user-accounts-with-office-365-powershell.md).

## Managing large numbers of users

> To manage large numbers of users (1000 or more), you will want to batch the commands via a script block using the [Invoke-Command](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/microsoft.powershell.core/invoke-command?view=powershell-7) cmdlet.  In previous examples, each time a cmdlet is executed, it must set up the call and then wait for the result, before sending it back.  When using a script block, this allows the cmdlets to be executed remotely, and once completed, send the data back. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To manage large numbers of users (1000 or more), you need to batch the commands via a script block using the [Invoke-Command](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/microsoft.powershell.core/invoke-command?view=powershell-7) cmdlet.  In previous examples, each time a cmdlet is executed, it must set up the call and then wait for the result before sending it back.  When using a script block, this allows the cmdlets to be executed remotely, and once completed, send the data back. 
```

```powershell
Import-Module LyncOnlineConnector
$sfbSession = New-CsOnlineSession

> $users = Get-CsOnlineUser -Filter { ClientPolicy -eq $null } -ResultSize 500

Reviewer 2: This works fine, and does let you log the users that are being passed to the Grant cmdlet, but if you're not actually logging the users, you could just put 
Get-CsOnlineUser -Filter { ClientPolicy -eq $null } -ResultSize 50
directly inside the Invoke-Command and avoid building up the filter on the client side.

> $users = Get-CsOnlineUsers -Filter { ClientPolicy -eq $null } -ResultSize 500

Reviewer 3: Is there a Get-CsOnlineUser**s**

$batch = 50
$filter = ''
$total = $users.Count
$count = 0
    $users | ForEach-Object {
    $upn = $_.UserPrincipalName
    $filter += "(UserPrincipalName -eq '$upn')"

>     $batch--

Reviewer 2: Instead of manually tracking the position within the batch, consider:
$batch = $users | select -Skip <batchstart> -First <batchsize>

This avoids the "we've reached the end of a batch" logic which can just go after the foreach for the entire $batch, regardless of how big the batch was or whether it was full.

    $count++
    if (($batch -eq 0) -or ($count -eq $total)) {
        $filterSB=[ScriptBlock]::Create($filter)

>         Invoke-Command -Session $s -ScriptBlock {param($f) Get-CSOnlineUser -filter $f | Grant-CsClientPolicy -PolicyName "ClientPolicyNoIMURL" -Passthru | Grant-CsExternalAccessPolicy -PolicyName "FederationAndPICDefault"} -ArgumentList $filterSB

Reviewer 3: why are users refetched? they are already available in `$users`

Author: We are fetching the batched set with the filter here, instead of modifying all 500 users.

        # Reset
        $batch = 50
        $filter = ''
    } else {
        $filter += " -or "
    }

> }

Reviewer 2: Might want to loop the whole script until no users are left? Otherwise it just grants to 500 random users and the admin has to re-run...

```

> This will find 500 users at a time who do not have a client policy, it will grant them the client policy "ClientPolicyNoIMURL", and the external access policy "FederationAndPicDefault".  It batches it into groups of 50, and will send each batch of 50 to the remote machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will find 500 users at a time who do not have a client policy. It will grant them the client policy "ClientPolicyNoIMURL" and the external access policy "FederationAndPicDefault". It batches the results into groups of 50 and sends each batch of 50 to the remote machine.
```
